feat(treesitter)!: make correct match behavior for quantified captures the default (#30193)
neovim/neovim: runtime/doc/news.txt

TREESITTER

• |Query:iter_matches()| now defaults to returning all matching nodes in a

>   match, rather than simply the last node in a match. In particular, the

Reviewer: Nit, but I think this bit is redundant:
```suggestion
  match, rather than simply the last node. In particular, the
```

Author: Changed as suggested.

> • |Query:iter_matches()| now defaults to returning all matching nodes in a
>   match, rather than simply the last node. In particular, the `match` table
>   returned by |Query:iter_matches()| now maps capture IDs to a list of nodes,
>   rather than a single node. The old behavior is incorrect, but can be opted
>   into by setting `all=false` in the `opts` argument to
>   |Query:iter_matches()|. This option will be removed completely in a future
>   release.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
• |Query:iter_matches()| correctly returns all matching nodes in a match
  instead of only the last node. This means that the returned table maps
  capture IDs to a list of nodes that need to be iterated over. For
  backwards compatibility, an option `all=false` (only return the last
  matching node) is provided that will be removed in a future release.
```

Author: Changed as suggested.
